Add July 31 changelog entry (#471)
onkernel/docs: changelog.mdx

- Added a `get_telemetry` action to the [MCP server](/reference/mcp-server)'s `manage_browsers` tool for reading archived [browser telemetry](/browsers/telemetry/overview) — including for deleted sessions and events captured before telemetry was turned off — with category filters, time windows, and pagination.
- Expanded [managed auth](/auth/overview): [browser telemetry](/browsers/telemetry/overview) is now configurable per connection and captured on timeline events, the health-check interval is adjustable from the dashboard, and health checks and their replays now appear on the connection timeline alongside logins and re-auths.
- Extended [`@onkernel/cua-agent`](https://github.com/kernel/cua) with Claude Opus 5 and Moonshot Kimi K3 computer-use providers, semantic browser waits (`waitFor` conditions instead of fixed sleeps), verified browser action plans, and gated Anthropic's native `computer_20260701` / `browser_20260701` tools by model.
- Added named markers to browser [replay recordings](/browsers/replays), exposed as MP4 chapters so playback jumps directly to key moments.

> - Extended the [CLI](https://github.com/kernel/cli) `browser-pools` commands with telemetry configuration, matching the flags already on `browsers create`/`update`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extended the [CLI](https://github.com/kernel/cli) `browser-pools` commands with telemetry configuration, matching `browsers create`/`update`.
```

> - Improved `kernel upgrade` in the [CLI](https://github.com/kernel/cli) to refresh the Homebrew tap before upgrading, so it always picks up the latest published version, and made CLI commands fail fast on interactive prompts in non-interactive shells to avoid hanging scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved `kernel upgrade` in the [CLI](https://github.com/kernel/cli) to refresh the Homebrew tap before upgrading to pick up latest version, and made CLI commands fail fast on interactive prompts in non-interactive shells to avoid hanging scripts.
```
